So let us write the function move zeros which takes the array and
its size as the parameters.
We need two pointers here
one to iterate the array and another one to point the
updated array.
So write int i, new len equal to zero
Now we need to place all ones in the beginning.
So iterate the array and if the element is one
then place it in  new len and increment new len.
So we can write a for loop
for this. for i equal to zero
i less than n, i++. If array[i]
equal to one.
We need to place it in new len index and then
increment new len.
So write array[new len ++]  equal to array[i]
So after this loop, all ones are at the beginning
And now we need to make every next element zero.
So  write a while loop for this task
While new len less than n array[new len ++] equal to zero.
and that's it. The task is done.